but now thus says the Lord who created
but now thus says the Lord who created you Oh Jacob and he who formed you O
you Oh Jacob and he who formed you O
you Oh Jacob and he who formed you O Israel fear not for I have redeemed you
Israel fear not for I have redeemed you
Israel fear not for I have redeemed you I have called you by your name
I have called you by your name
I have called you by your name you are mine when you pass through the
you are mine when you pass through the
you are mine when you pass through the waters I will be with you and through
waters I will be with you and through
waters I will be with you and through the rivers they shall not overflow you
the rivers they shall not overflow you
the rivers they shall not overflow you when you walk through the fire you shall
when you walk through the fire you shall
when you walk through the fire you shall not be burned nor shall the flame scorch
not be burned nor shall the flame scorch
not be burned nor shall the flame scorch you for I am the Lord your God the Holy
you for I am the Lord your God the Holy
you for I am the Lord your God the Holy One of Israel your Saviour
One of Israel your Saviour
One of Israel your Saviour I gave Egypt for your ransom Ethiopia
I gave Egypt for your ransom Ethiopia
I gave Egypt for your ransom Ethiopia and Seba in your place since you were
and Seba in your place since you were
and Seba in your place since you were precious in my sight you have been
precious in my sight you have been
precious in my sight you have been honored and I have loved you therefore I
honored and I have loved you therefore I
honored and I have loved you therefore I will give men for you and people for
will give men for you and people for
will give men for you and people for your life fear not for I am with you
your life fear not for I am with you
your life fear not for I am with you I will bring your descendents from the
I will bring your descendents from the
I will bring your descendents from the east and gather you from the West I will
east and gather you from the West I will
east and gather you from the West I will say to the north give them up and to the
say to the north give them up and to the
say to the north give them up and to the south do not keep them back bring my
south do not keep them back bring my
south do not keep them back bring my sons from afar and my daughters from the
sons from afar and my daughters from the
sons from afar and my daughters from the ends of the earth everyone who is called
ends of the earth everyone who is called
ends of the earth everyone who is called by my name whom I have created for my
by my name whom I have created for my
by my name whom I have created for my glory I have formed him yes I have made
glory I have formed him yes I have made
glory I have formed him yes I have made him bring out the blind people who have
him bring out the blind people who have
him bring out the blind people who have eyes and the Deaf who have ears let all
eyes and the Deaf who have ears let all
eyes and the Deaf who have ears let all the nations be gathered together and let
the nations be gathered together and let
the nations be gathered together and let the people be assembled who among them
the people be assembled who among them
the people be assembled who among them can declare this and show us former
can declare this and show us former
can declare this and show us former things let them bring out their
things let them bring out their
things let them bring out their witnesses that they may be justified or
witnesses that they may be justified or
witnesses that they may be justified or let them hear and say it is truth you
let them hear and say it is truth you
let them hear and say it is truth you are my witnesses says the Lord and my
are my witnesses says the Lord and my
are my witnesses says the Lord and my servant whom I have chosen that you may
servant whom I have chosen that you may
servant whom I have chosen that you may know and believe me and understand that
know and believe me and understand that
know and believe me and understand that I am he before me there was no God
I am he before me there was no God
I am he before me there was no God formed nor shall there be after me I
formed nor shall there be after me I
formed nor shall there be after me I even I am the Lord and besides me there
even I am the Lord and besides me there
even I am the Lord and besides me there is no Savior
is no Savior
is no Savior I have declared and saved
I have declared and saved
I have declared and saved I have proclaimed and there was no
I have proclaimed and there was no
I have proclaimed and there was no foreign god among you
foreign god among you
foreign god among you therefore you are my witnesses that I am
therefore you are my witnesses that I am
therefore you are my witnesses that I am God indeed before the day was I am he
God indeed before the day was I am he
God indeed before the day was I am he and there is no one who can deliver out
and there is no one who can deliver out
and there is no one who can deliver out of my hand I work and who will reverse
of my hand I work and who will reverse
of my hand I work and who will reverse it thus says the Lord your Redeemer the
it thus says the Lord your Redeemer the
it thus says the Lord your Redeemer the Holy One of Israel for your sake I will
Holy One of Israel for your sake I will
Holy One of Israel for your sake I will send to Babylon and bring them all down
send to Babylon and bring them all down
send to Babylon and bring them all down as fugitives the Chaldeans who rejoice
as fugitives the Chaldeans who rejoice
as fugitives the Chaldeans who rejoice in their ships I am the Lord your only
in their ships I am the Lord your only
in their ships I am the Lord your only one the creator of Israel your king
one the creator of Israel your king
one the creator of Israel your king thus says the Lord who makes away in the
thus says the Lord who makes away in the
thus says the Lord who makes away in the sea and a path through the mighty waters
sea and a path through the mighty waters
sea and a path through the mighty waters who brings forth the chariot and horse
who brings forth the chariot and horse
who brings forth the chariot and horse the army and the power they shall lie
the army and the power they shall lie
the army and the power they shall lie down together they shall not rise they
down together they shall not rise they
down together they shall not rise they are extinguished they are quenched like
are extinguished they are quenched like
are extinguished they are quenched like a wick do not remember the former things
a wick do not remember the former things
a wick do not remember the former things nor consider the things of old behold I
nor consider the things of old behold I
nor consider the things of old behold I will do a new thing now it shall spring
will do a new thing now it shall spring
will do a new thing now it shall spring forth shall you not know it I will even
forth shall you not know it I will even
forth shall you not know it I will even make a road in the wilderness and rivers
make a road in the wilderness and rivers
make a road in the wilderness and rivers in the desert the beasts of the field
in the desert the beasts of the field
in the desert the beasts of the field will honour me the Jackals and the
will honour me the Jackals and the
will honour me the Jackals and the ostriches because I give waters in the
ostriches because I give waters in the
ostriches because I give waters in the wilderness and rivers in the desert
wilderness and rivers in the desert
wilderness and rivers in the desert to give drink to my people my chosen
to give drink to my people my chosen
to give drink to my people my chosen this people I have formed for myself
this people I have formed for myself
this people I have formed for myself they shall declare my praise but you
they shall declare my praise but you
they shall declare my praise but you have not called upon me O Jacob and you
have not called upon me O Jacob and you
have not called upon me O Jacob and you have been weary of me o Israel you have
have been weary of me o Israel you have
have been weary of me o Israel you have not brought me the sheep for your burnt
not brought me the sheep for your burnt
not brought me the sheep for your burnt offerings nor have you honoured me with
offerings nor have you honoured me with
offerings nor have you honoured me with your sacrifices I have not caused you to
your sacrifices I have not caused you to
your sacrifices I have not caused you to serve with grain offerings nor where did
serve with grain offerings nor where did
serve with grain offerings nor where did you with incense you have bought me no
you with incense you have bought me no
you with incense you have bought me no sweet came with money nor have you
sweet came with money nor have you
sweet came with money nor have you satisfied me with the fat of your
satisfied me with the fat of your
satisfied me with the fat of your sacrifices but you have burdened me with
sacrifices but you have burdened me with
sacrifices but you have burdened me with your sins you have wearied me with your
your sins you have wearied me with your
your sins you have wearied me with your iniquities I even I am he who blots out
iniquities I even I am he who blots out
iniquities I even I am he who blots out your transgressions for my own sake
your transgressions for my own sake
your transgressions for my own sake and I will not remember your sin it's
and I will not remember your sin it's
and I will not remember your sin it's put me in remembrance
put me in remembrance
put me in remembrance let us contend together state your case
let us contend together state your case
let us contend together state your case that you may be acquitted your first
that you may be acquitted your first
that you may be acquitted your first father sinned and your mediators have
father sinned and your mediators have
father sinned and your mediators have transgressed against me therefore I will
transgressed against me therefore I will
transgressed against me therefore I will profane the princes of the sanctuary I
profane the princes of the sanctuary I
profane the princes of the sanctuary I will give Jacob to the cursed and Israel
will give Jacob to the cursed and Israel
will give Jacob to the cursed and Israel to reproaches